Add battleship.md, fix the launch instructions tequila-train.md (#550)
gear-foundation/gear-wiki: docs/api/vouchers.md

  prepaid: true,
  account: accountId,
}, meta);
```

> This feature is used in our [Battleship Game](https://wiki.gear-tech.io/docs/examples/battleship), where users have the ability to send messages to a program using a voucher without spending their gas.

Reviewer: It is better to use internal links as the Docusaurus engine checks them.
```suggestion
This feature is used in our [Battleship Game](/examples/battleship.md), where users have the ability to send messages to a program using a voucher without spending their gas.
```
